- WELL,
DEBRA'S NOT HERE RIGHT NOW.
MAY I TAKE A MESSAGE?
CINDY?
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, DEAR.
WELL, NO,
DEBRA WENT OUT TONIGHT.
AND RAYMOND DID TOO.
ALTHOUGH THEY WENT
TO DIFFERENT PLACES
ON A SATURDAY NIGHT.
DO YOU THINK THAT SEEMS ODD?
I MEAN,
IT SEEMS ODD TO ME.
I MEAN, DO YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND
GO TO DIFFERENT PLACES?
YOU'RE NOT?
OH, WELL, I HAVE
ANOTHER SON, ROBBIE.
OH, I'LL TELL HIM
YOU CALLED.
ALL RIGHT, DEAR.
BYE-BYE.
- HI, MARIE.
WHO WAS THAT?
- THAT'S FOR ROBBIE.
SO HOW WAS YOUR NIGHT?
- OH, IT WAS JUST
A GREAT LECTURE.
I LEARNED SO MUCH
ABOUT THE AMAZON.
LINDA'S COUSIN
WROTE THIS BOOK,
AND HE'S
A TERRIFIC SPEAKER.
HOW WERE THE KIDS?
- OH, THEY'RE FINE.
THEY DON'T KNOW.
- KNOW WHAT?
- ABOUT YOU AND RAYMOND GOING
YOUR SEPARATE WAYS TONIGHT.
- OH, NO, MARIE,
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
RAY DIDN'T WANT TO COME
TO THE BOOKSTORE,
SO HE JUST DID WHAT HE WANTED.
- OH, I GUESS THAT'S WHAT
THEY CALL AN "OPEN MARRIAGE."
- COME ON, MARIE.
I MEAN, YOU GO OUT WITHOUT FRANK
ONCE IN A WHILE.
- THAT'S NOT OPEN MARRIAGE.
THAT'S ESCAPE.
- NO, NO, I MEAN, COME ON.
HOW DO YOU GET A RASH THERE?
- WELL...
- HEY, WE'RE BACK.
- THANK GOD HE CAME BACK.
- HI, MRS. B.
HI, DEB.
- HEY,
YOU GUYS HAVE A GOOD TIME?
- WELL,
ASK YOUR HUSBAND.
YOU BEAT HOW MANY PEOPLE
IN A ROW AT AIR HOCKEY?
- 11.
WAY TO GO, CUBBY, HUH?
- DEBRA HAD A GOOD TIME
TONIGHT TOO.
- OH.
OH, YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
HOW WAS IT?
HOW'D YOUR THING GO?
- OH, I LOVED IT.
HE SIGNED MY BOOK.
- HE.
- YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT,
DR. EVERETT MUNCE.
- A DOCTOR.
- HEY, MA, YOU GOT ANY FOOD
OVER AT THE HOUSE?
- WHY?
- WELL,
WE'RE KIND OF STARVING.
- I THOUGHT YOU COULD MAYBE MAKE
SOMETHING FOR ME AND GIANNI.
- I'VE BEEN THINKING OF YOU
IN AN APRON ALL NIGHT, MRS. B.
- WELL, I DO HAVE FOOD,
BUT DON'T YOU NEED ME HERE?
- I DON'T THINK SO.
- OH, ALL RIGHT.
I'M RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET
IF YOU NEED TO TALK, RAYMOND.
AND REMEMBER...
I LOVE YOU.
- YOU'RE ON MY FOOT.
- OH.
- WHAT'S THAT?
WHAT'S WITH MY MOTHER?
- OH,
SHE'S JUST FLIPPING OUT,
'CAUSE WE DIDN'T GO OUT
TOGETHER TONIGHT.
- WHY? YOU HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH THE BOOKSTORE GUY?
- YEAH,
HE'S 60 YEARS OLD,
HAS ONE EYE,
AND SMELLS OF THE JUNGLE.
- YEAH,
THAT'S HOW YOU LIKE IT.
- YEAH.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND NEXT WEEK IS THE SECOND PART
OF THE LECTURE.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU GONNA GO AGAIN?
- YEAH.
THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM, IS IT?
- NO, NO, IT'S NO PROBLEM.
IT'S JUST--WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
- OH, I THOUGHT YOU COULD
GO OUT WITH THE GUYS AGAIN.
- OH, YEAH.
YEAH, GREAT.
GREAT.
- WHAT'S THE MATTER, RAY?
- OH, NOTHING.
NOTHING.
- RAY, WHAT IS IT?
- NOTHING. IT'S...
I DON'T KNOW.
GOING OUT WITH THE GUYS--
I MEAN, IT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS FUN.
REALLY, REALLY FUN.
- BUT?
- IT WASN'T SO MUCH FUN.
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN...
SOMETHING ABOUT IT--
SOMETHING WAS MISSING.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU MEAN ME?
- NO.
NO.
NO, I WAS...I MEAN,
WE DID THE SAME STUFF
WE ALWAYS DO.
YOU KNOW,
GIANNI WAS DOING HIS THING.
HE DROPS ICE CUBES
IN FRONT OF HIM,
"HEY, LOOK,
AN ESKIMO PEEING."
AND, YOU KNOW,
I MEAN, IT WAS FUNNY,
AND I USED TO LAUGH AT IT,
BUT...
- IT'S LOST ITS MAGIC?
- YEAH.
YEAH.
WE HAD
THE BUFFALO WINGS I'D LIKE,
AND WE DID
THE AIR HOCKEY.
BUT I DON'T KNOW,
SOMETHING ABOUT IT--
IT'S NOT THE--
IT'S NOT THE SAME AS IT WAS.
- OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE GROWING UP.
- NO.
NO. I PROBABLY GOT
A FLU OR SOMETHING.
- NO. NO, THAT'S WHY
YOU DON'T LIKE DOING
ALL THOSE STUPID THINGS
YOU USED TO DO.
YOU'RE CHANGING.
YOU'RE MATURING.
NO, IT'S A GOOD THING, RAY.
YOU'VE BECOME A MAN.
YOU KNOW WHY YOU JUST SAID
YOU HAD A BAD TIME
DOING ALL THOSE THINGS?
BECAUSE YOU'VE OUTGROWN THEM.
YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT,
DON'T YOU?
- WELL, CRAP,
MAYBE YOU ARE.
OH, MY GOD.
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS.
OH.
LISTEN, LISTEN, LISTEN.
COME TO THE LECTURE WITH ME
ON SATURDAY.
- NO. WHAT?
- OH, NO, WAIT, LISTEN.
THAT'S WHAT ADULTS DO.
THEY USE THEIR HEAD,
AND THEY THINK.
OH, YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THIS.
YOU'RE READY FOR THIS.
YOU ARE A MATURE ADULT.
- OKAY.
IT WOULD BE KIND OF COOL
TO SEE A GUY WITH ONE EYE.
- HEY, DEBRA.
- HI.
RAY, YOU CAME.
- YEP, I'M HERE.
- YOU LOOK SO NICE.
- DOESN'T HE?
- YES, I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU
LIKE THIS.
- HELLO, EVERYBODY.
RAYMOND,
LOOK AT YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- I JUST CAME TO GET
A LITTLE CULTURE.
- OH,
- FOLKS,
IF YOU COULD TAKE YOUR SEATS.
- BOY,
THIS IS FUN.
IT'S HIGH SCHOOL,
ONLY NOW,
I'VE HAD SEX WITH THE GIRL
WHO SITS NEXT TO ME.
- OH, SHH.
- LET'S PLEASE ALL WELCOME BACK
TO SIDEWALK BOOKS
DR. EVERETT MUNCE.
[applause]
- THANK YOU, BRIAN.
- WELL, IT'S NICE TO SEE
SOME FAMILIAR FACES
BACK FROM LAST WEEK.
I BELIEVE I LEFT YOU
ON THE BANKS OF THE AMAZON
ABOUT 250 KILOMETERS
EAST OF MANAUS.
IF YOU CAN IMAGINE,
IT'S DUSK,
AND IT'S STILL 104 DEGREES.
THE HUMIDITY IS AROUND 99%,
AND YET IT IS NOT RAINING.
IF YOU LISTEN CLOSELY,
YOU CAN HEAR THE MACAWS
AND THE CAPYBARAS
AND PERHAPS EVEN
THE LOW GROWL OF A JAGUAR...
NEVER SEEN AN OUTSIDER,
SO ONE'S DILEMMA BECOMES,
"HOW DO I RECORD
THIS AMAZING DISCOVERY
WITHOUT CORRUPTING THE PURITY
OF THEIR EXISTENCE?"
WELL, AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THEY FACED THIS SAME DILEMMA
MORE THAN 30 YEARS AGO
IN THE PHILIPPINES.
I BELIEVE IT WAS
30 YEARS AGO.
YES, IT WAS IN THE PHILIPPINES
WHERE THEY COME UPON A TRIBE
THAT WAS CALLED THE TASADAY.
EVEN THOUGH THEY TOOK GREAT--
- OW! OW! GOD!
WHAT DID YOU DO?
- SHH! WAKE UP.
- ALL RIGHT,
I'M AWAKE.
BUT YOU CAUGHT ME
RIGHT IN THE EYE.
- WOULD YOU SHUT UP?
- I'M ALL RIGHT.
IT'S JUST--
YOU GOT ME RIGHT
IN THE SOCKET HOLE.
- BE QUIET.
- ALL RIGHT.
GOD.
YOU COULD'VE POKED MY EYE OUT.
NOT THAT I STILL
WOULDN'T BE A GREAT GUY.
[door opens]
- HI, MARIE.
- HI, DEAR.
HOW WAS YOUR NIGHT?
- IT WAS FINE.
- RAY, WHAT'S THE MATTER?
- NOTHING.
NOTHING, NOTHING.
I GOT POKED IN THE EYE.
YOU KNOW HOW WILD IT CAN GET
IN A BOOKSTORE.
- IT'S NOT FUNNY, RAY.
- I FELL ASLEEP.
THE GUY WAS DRONING
ON AND ON,
AND I FELL ASLEEP.
- SO HE HIT YOU?
- NO.
SHE DID.
- I HAD TO WAKE YOU UP.
- WHEN I WANTED
TO WAKE RAYMOND UP,
I WOULD STROKE HIS HAIR...
AND GENTLY KISS HIS FOREHEAD.
- THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT.
- YOU WERE SLEEPING ON ME
IN PUBLIC.
I HAD TO GET YOU OFF OF ME.
- OH, MY.
I HAD HOPED THAT AFTER YOUR
LITTLE SEPARATION LAST WEEK
THAT MAYBE TONIGHT
WOULD GO BETTER.
- EVERYTHING IS FINE,
MARIE.
- NO, IT'S NOT.
EVERYTHING IS NOT FINE.
- STOP RUBBING IT, ALREADY.
YOU'RE MAKING IT WORSE.
- I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT MY EYE.
EVERYTHING IS NOT RIGHT WITH ME,
THE WHOLE ME.
- WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- I WENT TO THAT LECTURE,
AND I TRIED, DEBRA.
GOD HELP ME,
I TRIED TO LIKE IT.
THE ELBOW IN THE EYE
WAS THE BEST PART OF THE NIGHT.
- WELL, I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE AN ADULT.
I MADE A MISTAKE.
- WHO THE HELL AM I?
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- DON'T YOU SEE?
LAST WEEK, THE SAME THING.
I WENT OUT WITH THE GUYS,
THE SAME THING HAPPENED.
I DIDN'T BELONG THERE,
EITHER.
SO NOW I GOT THIS THING
IN MY HEAD, LIKE, "WHO AM I?
WHAT DO I DO NOW?"
"WHERE THE HELL DO I BELONG?"
- RIGHT HERE.
- YOU'RE ON MY FOOT AGAIN,
MA.
- COME ON.
TRUST ME.
YOU'RE GONNA THANK ME FOR THIS.
HURRY UP.
YOU'RE LETTING THE STEAM OUT.
- HEY, RAY'S HERE.
HA-HA-HA.
- IT'S THE SPORTSWRITER.
- WELCOME TO THE INNER SANCTUM.
- YEAH. HI, GUYS.
I'D SHAKE YOUR HANDS,
BUT I DON'T WANT YOU
DROPPING THOSE TOWELS.
- HEY, PUT THAT IN YOUR COLUMN,
SPORTSWRITER.
- RAY'S BEEN GOING THROUGH
A ROUGH PATCH,
SO I BROUGHT HIM HERE
TO SWEAT THAT PUSS OFF HIS FACE.
- LET ME TURN UP THE STEAM
FOR YOU, RAY.
- NO, DON'T GET UP.
DON'T GET UP.
NO, PLEASE.
NOBODY MOVE, OKAY?
JUST PRETEND THAT I'M NOT HERE,
OKAY,
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT I'M DOING.
- SAYS THE FUNNY SPORTSWRITER.
- SIT DOWN, RAY.
TAKE A LOAD OFF.
- HEY, SIT RIGHT HERE, RAY.
THAT'S O'NEAL'S PLACE.
BUT YOU CAN SIT THERE.
HE'S DEAD.
- AH, I LOVE THE LODGE.
WE PLAY SOME CARDS,
WE GET SOMETHING TO EAT,
WE COME IN HERE AND RELAX.
- WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR?
- HAIR.
- YEAH,
I COULD ASK FOR HAIR.
OY.
- OH, MAN.
HOW LONG CAN YOU GUYS STAY
IN HERE?
- WELL, THE RECORD IS
4 HOURS AND 10 MINUTES.
- YEAH ,BY WHO?
- O'NEAL.
- THIS IS THE LIFE.
- YEAH,
LIKE OIL IN THE JOINTS.
- YOU STILL STIFF?
- IN MY KNEE.
- YEAH.
I GOT THAT.
- MY BACK'S STILL ACTING UP.
- OH, THE TWINGE?
- ON GOOD DAYS,
IT'S A TWINGE.
- YEAH.
I GOT THAT.
- I GOT, LIKE,
A SHOULDER THING.
- YEAH?
- IT'S NOTHING.
IT'S JUST--
YOU KNOW,
SOMETIMES WHEN I LIFT THINGS UP,
YOU KNOW, IT HURTS.
- YOU MEAN UP HERE BETWEEN
THE NECK AND THE SHOULDER BLADE?
- YEAH, YEAH,
IT'S, LIKE, A KNOT.
- I KNOW.
I GOT THAT.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING
LIFTING THINGS, RAY?
- AH, YOU KNOW, DEBRA--
SHE'S GOT ME DOING THIS
AND DOING THAT.
- OH, THE WIVES.
- THAT'S A PAIN
WE CAN'T GET RID OF.
- UNTIL YOU'RE O'NEAL.
[laughter]
- PUT THAT IN YOUR COLUMN.
- I SHOULD.
I SHOULD.
I SHOULD PUT IT IN.
I GOT UP TWICE LAST NIGHT
TO PEE.
[together] OH...YEAH.
OH.
- AT LEAST YOU GOT UP.
- DEBRA, I'M GONNA PUT
RAYMOND'S CANNOLIS
IN YOUR REFRIGERATOR.
- ALL RIGHT.
- MA, WHY CAN'T I JUST
GRAB ONE OF THOSE?
- NO, ROBBIE.
I MADE IT ESPECIALLY FOR RAYMOND
TO CHEER HIM UP.
- SO HE GETS TEN CANNOLIS,
AND I GET NONE?
- HE'S HAVING A LIFE CRISIS.
- [scoffs]
LIFE CRISIS...
WHEN I GOT DIVORCED,
I HAD TO BEG YOU
FOR A PIECE OF RAISIN TOAST.
- OH, THERE HE IS.
HOW WAS IT, DEAR?
DID YOU HAVE A NICE TIME?
- YOU KNOW, I DID.
I REALLY DID.
- WAS I RIGHT,
OR WAS I RIGHT?
THE LODGE IS HEAVEN ON EARTH.
- I'VE GOT TO TELL YOU,
THAT STEAM ROOM--
THAT WAS EXACTLY
WHAT I NEEDED.
- AW, THAT'S GREAT, HONEY.
I'M GLAD YOU WERE ABLE
TO RELAX.
- YES, THE STEAM ROOM
MUST HAVE BEEN NICE.
I'VE NEVER BEEN INVITED
TO THE LODGE.
BUT THAT'S OKAY;
I CAN ALWAYS WORK UP A SWEAT
BY CHASING A PSYCHOPATH
DOWN THE SUBWAY TRACK.
- YOU KNOW, RAY,
YOU FIT RIGHT IN.
I WAS WORRIED YOU WERE GONNA
SAY SOMETHING STUPID...
OR LIBERAL.
- I ACTUALLY LIKED
TALKING TO THOSE GUYS.
- WELL, THAT'S TERRIFIC.
HAVE TEN CANNOLIS.
- OH, I FORGOT.
I MADE YOU A SPECIAL TREAT.
RAYMOND.
SIT DOWN.
- SO WHAT DO YOU SAY, RAY?
YOU GONNA JOIN THE BROTHERHOOD?
THE GUYS SAY
YOU'D BE A SHOO-IN.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
YEAH,
I THINK I WOULD LIKE THAT.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU WANT TO JOIN THE LODGE?
- IT'LL BE GREAT.
I'LL BE YOUR FATHER,
BUT I'LL ALSO BE YOUR BROTHER.
- ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT!
- NO! ROBBIE, ROBBIE!
ROBBIE! ROBBIE!
ROBBIE, GIVE IT TO ME.
OH, ROBBIE.
OH, STOP THAT.
- RAY, COME ON.
I MEAN, I KNOW YOU HAD
A GOOD TIME THERE TODAY,
BUT YOU DON'T WANT TO JOIN.
- WHY WOULDN'T HE?
BECAUSE HE'S NOT 100...
PERCENT SURE
HE WANTS TO JOIN.
- NO, I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING, DEBRA,
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW, WHEN I WAS IN
THAT STEAM ROOM,
IT JUST FELT RIGHT.
I MEAN, I--I THINK IT'S WHAT
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR.
- SWEATY MAN-BOOBS?
- I DON'T LIKE THAT,
ROBERT.
- I MEAN, I WAS COMFORTABLE.
YOU KNOW,
I WAS RELAXED.
I WAS HAPPY.
- PLUS, I'VE GOT SAY,
EVERYONE TOLD ME YOU WERE,
LIKE,
THE BEST-LOOKING GUY IN THERE.
- OF COURSE HE WAS.
HE'S THE "BEFORE"
IN A ROOM FULL OF "AFTERS."
- IS THAT WHAT IT IS, RAY?
IT JUST MADE YOU FEEL YOUNG
TO BE AROUND THOSE GUYS?
- NO, I ACTUALLY FELT
LIKE I BELONGED.
- OH, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
- WELL, I MEAN, YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO TOLD ME TO GROW UP.
- I DIDN'T SAY
GROW ALL THE WAY UP.
I MEAN, WHAT IS THE APPEAL,
JUST SITTING IN A STEAM ROOM?
- OH, WE ALSO PLAY CARDS.
AND DON'T FORGET
THE NAKED SWIMMING.
- I HAVEN'T EVEN BEEN,
AND I CAN'T FORGET.
- NO, NO.
LET ME TELL YOU.
AFTER THAT STEAM,
A COUPLE OF NUDE LAPS...
WHOO.
YOU REALLY FEEL THE POOL.
- COME ON, RAY.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THIS.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO JOIN THE LODGE.
- WELL, LOOK,
I TRIED EVERYTHING ELSE, RIGHT?
I WENT OUT WITH MY FRIENDS.
I DIDN'T LIKE THAT.
I DIDN'T LIKE
THE BOOKSTORE THING.
I MEAN,
THIS IS ALL I HAVE LEFT.
- NO, IT ISN'T.
I MEAN,
WE DO THINGS TOGETHER.
WE GO OUT.
WE GO TO DINNER.
WE GO TO THE MOVIES.
- I'VE GOT TO TELL YOU,
YOU KNOW,
SOME OF THOSE MOVIES WE SEE,
THEY'RE ALL KIND OF STUPID.
- THE LAST MOVIE I SAW
WAS PATTON.
- ALL RIGHT, FRANK.
- AND YOU KNOW WHEN I'LL GO BACK
TO THE MOVIES?
"SON OF PATTON."
- AND THEN EVERYBODY
IS ALWAYS TALKING IN THEM,
AND IT'S ALWAYS FREEZING.
- IN FACT, IS THERE, LIKE,
A DRAFT IN HERE?
- THERE'S A BLANKET
IN THE LIVING ROOM.
MAYBE YOU'D BE MORE COMFORTABLE
IN THERE.
- WELL,
I AM A LITTLE TIRED.
OHH, GOSH.
OH, MY SHOULDER'S
ON THE FRITZ AGAIN.
- JUST SIT DOWN
AND PUT YOUR FEET UP.
- YES, RAYMOND.
CAN I GET YOU ANYTHING?
SOME MELBA TOAST?
A CATHETER?
- I'M ALL LOCKED UP, YOU KNOW.
IT'S LIKE A BIG KNOT.
- IS IT IN HERE?
- YOU NEED MORE TIME
IN THAT STEAM ROOM.
I'LL PICK YOU UP
TOMORROW MORNING AT 9:00.
WE DON'T COME OUT
UNTIL EVERYTHING'S SOFT.
- I MAY THROW UP.
- WE GOT--DO WE HAVE, LIKE,
A HEATING PAD?
- WELL, THIS IS GREAT, RAY.
THIS IS JUST GREAT.
YOU WENT FROM
AN IMMATURE TEENAGER
TO A TIRED OLD GEEZER
WITH NO STOPS IN BETWEEN.
AND WHAT DID I GET?
I GOT RIPPED OFF.
THAT'S WHAT I GOT.
I NEVER GOT TO BE MARRIED
TO A MAN,
A REGULAR, GROWN-UP MAN.
- DO YOU HAVE TO YELL?
- COULD EVERYBODY
PLEASE LEAVE NOW?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- I JUST NEED EVERYONE TO GO.
- YEAH, BUT--
- MARIE, PLEASE GO.
- DEBRA, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
TURN HIM EVERY HALF HOUR
SO HE DOESN'T GET BEDSORES.
- ARE YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT--
- MARIE, HE'LL BE FINE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M JUST CHECKING TO SEE
HOW OLD YOU REALLY ARE.
WELL?
- I'M A LITTLE TIRED.
- OH, MY GOD.
- BUT NOT TOO TIRED.
- I THOUGHT
YOUR SHOULDER HURT.
- I'M NOT GONNA USE MY SHOULDER.
- THANKS FOR GIVING ME
A SHOT HERE, DAD.
- YEAH, YEAH.
TAKE IT EASY.
ALL RIGHT,
HERE'S THE BIG ONE.
- HEY, GUYS.
- HEY, ROBERT.
- YOU'RE IN PRETTY GOOD SHAPE,
ROBERT.
I GUESS YOU DON'T EAT
TOO MANY DOUGHNUTS.
[laughter]
- 'CAUSE COPS EAT DOUGHNUTS.
- OKAY.
- SO YOUR WIFE
IS GONNA LET YOU JOIN?
- ACTUALLY,
I'M NOT MARRIED.
- OH, THAT'S RIGHT,
GUYS, RED ALERT.
- WE'RE SITTING NAKED
WITH A CONFIRMED BACHELOR.
- HA-HA-HA-HA-HA.
- LISTEN, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT ME.
I CAN TELL YOU THAT RIGHT NOW.
- HEY, ROBERT,
IT'S HOT IN HERE.
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE
YOUR SWEATER OFF?
[laughter]
- GOOD ONE.
GOOD ONE.
[laughs]
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE YOUR WIG OFF?
- NOW, WHAT THE HELL IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
- N-NOTHING.
I WAS JUST KIDDING AROUND.
- YOU'RE JUST A WISE GUY,
I SEE.
- HEY, HEY, HEY.
TAKE IT EASY,
TAKE IT EASY.
- WHAT DID I DO?
- JUST KEEP MOVING.
- BUT I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
- FRANK, GET HIM OUT OF HERE,
FRANK.
- COME ON. COME ON.
GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
- BRING BACK THE FUNNY ONE.